[Deprecation Management] Detonate URL - Generic playbook fix (#24774)
demisto/content: Packs/CommonPlaybooks/ReleaseNotes/2_3_40.md

#### Playbooks

##### Detonate URL - Generic

> - Fixed an issue where the wrong sub-playbook was removed from the playbook.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the **Detonate URL - CrowdStrike Falcon Intelligence Sandbox** sub-playbook was unnecessarily removed.
- Removed the deprecated **Detonate URL - CrowdStrike** sub-playbook. 
```

Author: Done.
